cli: add `iam upgrade apply` (#2132)
edgelesssys/constellation: dev-docs/workflows/release.md

1. Search the code for TODOs and FIXMEs that should be resolved before releasing.
2. [Update titles and labels for all PRs relevant for this release](/dev-docs/conventions.md#pr-conventions) to aid in the [changelog generation](/.github/release.yml).

> 3. Check PRs with `breaking change` for the label `iam upgrade`. If there is any, the `upgradeRequiresIAMMigration` constant in `iamupgradeapply.go` needs to be set to `true`, otherwise set to `false`. This ensures to issue a warning to the user on `upgrade apply` to ensure prior `iam upgrade apply`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check PRs for the label `iam upgrade`. If there is any, the `upgradeRequiresIAMMigration` constant in `iamupgradeapply.go` needs to be set to `true`, otherwise set to `false`. This ensures the CLI issues a warning on `upgrade apply` to run `iam upgrade apply` before upgrading the cluster.
```
